Add test fakes and test utils (#81)
invenia/FeatureTransforms.jl: docs/src/transform_interface.md

The "transform interface” is a mechanism that allows sequences of `Transform`s to be combined (with other steps) into end-to-end feature engineering pipelines.

This is supported by the return of a `Transform` having the same type as the input.
This type consistency helps to make `Transform`s _composable_, i.e., the output of one is always a valid input to another, which allows users to "stack" sequences of `Transform`s together with minimal glue code needed to keep it working.

Morever, the end-to-end pipelines themselves should obey the same principle: you should be able to add or remove `Transform`s (or another pipeline) to the output without breaking your code.
That is, the output should also be a valid "transformable" type: either an `AbstractArray`, a `Table`, or other type for which the user has extended [`FeatureTransforms.apply`](@ref) to support.
Valid types can be checked by calling `is_transformable`, which is the first part of the transform interface.

> See the [FeatureTransforms.TestUtils](@id test-utils) for these testing utiliies.

Reviewer: I don't see what `these testing utilities` is referring to - what about

```suggestion
See the [FeatureTransforms.TestUtils](@id test-utils) for this and other testing utiliies.
```
